<!--2.What are properties of OOP?-->
There are mainly 6 types of properties in OOP.

1.class
2.object
3.inheritance
4.abstraction
5.polymorphism
6.encapsulation

1. class::

The class defination start with the " class " keyword.It consist list of properties and methods.
class is group of member and its member functionn its called class.
This is proggramer defied data type.

2. object::

Object is intance of class,its called object.
object is initialized with " new" keyword.
You define class once and then make many objects that belong to it.

3. inheritance::

inheritance is used to access one parent class property by its child class its called inheritance.
A class properties access by its another class its called inheritance.
Perent class properties access by its child class via "extends" Keyword.

There are 3 types of inheritance.
1. single inheritance
2. multiple inheritance (In PHP this inheritance not supported)
   If you wat to use multiple inheritance you use "interface".
3. multilevel inheritance.

4. Abstraction::

When we create a class as abstract class we never create an object of that class but we access abstract class via inheritance.

It is also used for dat HINDING PROCESS.
we can hide some internal dara from some user there used data abstraction.
An abstract class or method is defined with the "abstract" keyword.

5. Polymorphism::

Polymorphism is Object Of OOP ,This allow to different classes to share a common design ,interfaceor functionality there are used polymorphism.
It is used to process many forms that allow different different class.
Polymorphism is a core principle of (OOP),where objects of different classes can be treated as objects of a common superclass.

There are 2 types of Polymorphism::
1. Method overloading
2. method overriding

6. ENcaptulation::

PHP implements encaptulation,one of the important principle of oop with access control keywordds like public, private, protected.
Encaptulation refers to mechenism of keeping the data members or properties of an object away from the reach of the environment outside the class,allowing control access only through the methods or functiuons available in the class.




